As you have learned from the Weaponization phase, the backdoor lets an attacker bypass security measures and hide the access. A backdoor is also known as an access point. 

Once the attacker gets access to the system, he would want to reaccess the system if he loses the connection to it or if he got detected and got the initial access removed, or if the system is later patched. He will no longer have access to it. That is when the attacker needs to install a persistent backdoor. A persistent backdoor will let the attacker access the system he compromised in the past. You can check out the Windows Persistence Room on TryHackMe to learn how an attacker can achieve persistence on Windows. 

The persistence can be achieved through:

Installing a web shell on the webserver. A web shell is a malicious script written in web development programming languages such as ASP, PHP, or JSP used by an attacker to maintain access to the compromised system. Because of the web shell simplicity and file formatting (.php, .asp, .aspx, .jsp, etc.) can be difficult to detect and might be classified as benign. You may check out this great article released by Microsoft on various web shell attacks.
Installing a backdoor on the victim's machine. For example, the attacker can use Meterpreter to install a backdoor on the victim's machine. Meterpreter is a Metasploit Framework payload that gives an interactive shell from which an attacker can interact with the victim's machine remotely and execute the malicious code.
Creating or modifying Windows services. This technique is known as T1543.003 on MITRE ATT&CK (MITRE ATT&CK® is a knowledge base of adversary tactics and techniques based on real-world scenarios). An attacker can create or modify the Windows services to execute the malicious scripts or payloads regularly as a part of the persistence. An attacker can use the tools like sc.exe (sc.exe lets you Create, Start, Stop, Query, or Delete any Windows Service) and Reg to modify service configurations. The attacker can also masquerade the malicious payload by using a service name that is known to be related to the Operating System or legitimate software. 
Adding the entry to the "run keys" for the malicious payload in the Registry or the Startup Folder. By doing that, the payload will execute each time the user logs in on the computer. According to MITRE ATT&CK, there is a startup folder location for individual user accounts and a system-wide startup folder that will be checked no matter what user account logs in.
You can read more about the Registry Run Keys / Startup Folder persistence on one of the MITRE ATT&CK techniques.

In this phase, the attacker can also use the Timestomping technique to avoid detection by the forensic investigator and also to make the malware appear as a part of a legitimate program. The Timestomping technique lets an attacker modify the file's timestamps, including the modify, access, create and change times. 
